good morning this is will favor for Bart
to ride and I'm here with my good buddy
contigo this morning but about a week
and a half or so ago we showed you how
to begin a horse and feed often so we're
going to continue that I have worked
them a couple of times since then so I
tend to do this like every other day or
so once I'm starting a horse in it I
want to remind you very quickly of what
the prerequisites are for being able to
work in fiap and that is that their
horses is clearly working over the back
and that you as a rider have developed
the ability to ride a horse on the
weight of the rain that is you're able
to release to the weight of the rain
that being the number one factor here
once the horse has developed enough top
line to begin this he must work in the
way to the rain otherwise when you start
working P outdoors it's going to bolt
out of the reins if your horse is used
to being held against the reins so it's
very important this only works if you
ride in the classical system that is you
ride the horse on the weight of the
reins light and not pulling against the
mouth of the horse alright so once again
we're going to start continue go a
little bit here notice I still have a
line on in here I keep a lunge line just
in case you know a horse you have a
difficulty I have more line than just
the rain I'm going to hold the outside
rein in my hand here along with the whip
this I want to reward him for that for
the next time I'll ask for a little bit
more so if you go back and look at the
first video that I did them you can see
that he was barely moving his legs today
he's getting a little deeper under him
and once again watch that he is lowering
his Highclere we've got to remember that
the piaff is the foundation of
collection remember what collection
means so many people I talk to don't
understand what collection means
collection simply means once a horse is
engaged it's under itself the degree to
which its lowers and maintains the lower
in the hindquarters that's what true
collection is oh guys do another little
segment
so that was quite nice for his second we
could work with this now I notice that
he's moving them diagonal pairs very
nicely he's starting to lower down but
he doesn't have much thrust in the
correct / up the opera's or we want the
horse to jump off the ground not to snap
its legs up and the pre offs that we're
seeing today so many times the show ring
all the horses are doing their standing
they're flat and they're just snapping
their legs up and down like this they're
not lowering and pushing off the ground
this is what they should be doing but we
can see with him that that was already
beginning to happen thank you very much
this will favour of March ride we'll
check in with him in another week or so
and see how it's developed from there
thank you